Updated Cloud Docker container info and clean up markdown (#8216)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-containers-cli.md

The Cron container runs operations in the background immediately after the Docker environment starts. This container uses the cron configuration defined in the [`crons` property of the `.magento.app.yaml` file]({{ site.baseurl }}/cloud/project/magento-app-properties.html#crons). This container has no custom configuration.

{:.bs-callout-info}

> To improve the overall performance in the Docker developer and production environments, the Cron container is not present by default. You can use the following command to add the Cron container to the Cloud Docker environment: `./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer" --with-cron`

Author: ```suggestion
To improve overall performance in the local Docker environment, the Cron container is not present by default. You can use the following command to add the Cron container to the Cloud Docker environment: `./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer" --with-cron`
```

> To improve the overall performance in the Docker development and production environments, the Cron container is not present by default. You can use the following command to add the Cron container to the Cloud Docker environment: `./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer" --with-cron`

Reviewer: Are they environments or modes? Wouldn't it be developer and not development?

> To improve the overall performance in the Docker development and production environments, the Cron container is not present by default. You can use the following command to add the Cron container to the Cloud Docker environment: `./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer" --with-cron`

Author: ```suggestion
To improve the overall performance in the Docker developer and production environments, the Cron container is not present by default. You can use the following command to add the Cron container to the Cloud Docker environment: `./vendor/bin/ece-docker build:compose --mode="developer" --with-cron`
```
